Steam introduces Family Sharing, a video of
the xbox one dashboard leaks, former devs
from relic, Bioware, and Riot team up to announce
The Long Dark, and more!
Hey guys, Jess here, and this is the Curse
Weekly Roundup!
First up - Valve has announced Steam Family
Sharing - this long-awaited and often-rumored
feature lets friends and family members borrow
each others' games - basically your friend
can authorize your computer to play his game.
Then you get to earn your own Steam achievements
and save your own progress to the Steam cloud.
So then theoretically if you borrow a friend's
game and later decide to buy it yourself,
you should be able to pick back up on your
progress.
The feature will go into beta sometime this
month - to sign up, join the Family Sharing
Group on the steam community, and Valve will
choose an initial pool of 1000 Steam accounts
from this group to try it out.
FINALLY, one of the biggest advantages console
gaming had over Steam, but Valve's catching
up now!
What do you guys think?
Are you gonna use the Steam Family Sharing
feature?
Leave me a comment and let me know!
And you can check the full announcement on
the Steam Store page if you want to read more
about how Family Sharing will work.
Next, a video of the xbox one's dashboard
leaked onto the internet earlier this week
- and was almost immediately removed, but
not before thousands of people were able to
view it.
The video features a boy appearing to be in
his mid to late teens, showing off what the
dashboard looks like.
THe general consensus is that he was likely
the son of a Microsoft employee who took home
a beta unit to test - unfortunately, posting
this video was a HUGE breach of Microsoft's
NDA and this kid very likely cost his mom
or dad their job as a result.
But, if you want to see this video for yourself,
someone was able to snatch it and upload it
to liveleak before it was removed from YouTube,
so we'll drop a link to that in the video
description.
Moving on, apparently it's been the week of
leaks, because Batman: Arkham Origins faced
a leak as well, albeit a much less controversial
one.
Images of the alternate character skins have
surfaced - although this leak is very possibly
simply a PR stunt to try and generate buzz
rather than a full-on leak.
Regardless, check out the image and leave
me a comment below letting me know what you
think of the alternate skins.
Next up, a new PlayStation Vita has been announced.
The new model is thinner and has 1 gig of
built-in memory.
But to balance THAT out, the new 64-gig memory
stick is goign to cost about a hundred bucks,
wow.
This new model looks pretty cool - but it's
been met with mixed reviews so far; complaints
about lack of games and high price for the
memory sticks have been the two that stand
out so far, but what do you guys think?
Has the new model convinced you or is Nintendo
still winning the handheld war?
Finally, former devs from Relic, BIoware,
Riot, and Volition have teamed up to form
Hinterland Studio, an independent game studio
in Vancouver, Canada.
THey've just announced their first title,
THe Long Dark.
It's an episodic, post-disaster survival simulation
game set in North America after a geomagnetci
storm has crumbled the country's technology
infrastructure - sounds pretty awesome if
you ask me.
Hinterland will be launching a kickstarter
for hte Long Dark on September 16th to raise
initial funding for the game, and you can
click the link in the description to read
more about the game and see some concept art.
Well, that's all we have for you this week!
As always be sure to subscribe if you haven't
already, and give this video a Liek for gaming
news!
Once again I'm Jess, and hey - follow me on
Twitter at JessBrohard if you wanna talk with
me about video games!
Thanks for watching, enjoy the game.